feat: add `stats/base/ndarray/scovarmtk` (#7693)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/ndarray/scovarmtk/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( arrays )

>     Computes the covariance of two one-dimensional double-precision floating-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Computes the covariance of two one-dimensional single-precision floating-
```

    point ndarrays provided known means and using a one-pass textbook algorithm.

    Both input ndarrays should have the same number of elements.

    If provided empty one-dimensional ndarrays, the function returns `NaN`.

    Parameters
    ----------
    arrays: ArrayLikeObject<ndarray>

>         The function expects the following ndarrays in order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Array-like object containing the following ndarrays in order:
```
